Merge Component registries (#13769)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/extension_migration.rst

   a ``level`` and optionally a ``prefix``, a ``collapsed`` state and a ``dataset`` (data
   DOM attributes dictionary).
- ``@jupyterlab/ui-components`` from 3.x to 4.x
   * Major version bumped following removal of Blueprint JS dependency. Extensions using proxied
     components like ``Checkbox``, ``Select`` or ``Intent`` will need to import them explicitly
     from Blueprint JS library. Extensions using ``Button``, ``Collapse`` or ``InputGroup`` may
     need to switch to the Blueprint components as the interfaces of those components in JupyterLab
     do not match those of Blueprint JS.
   * Remove ``Collapse`` React component.
   * Change the ``IFormComponentRegistry`` token, from ``@jupyterlab/ui-components:ISettingEditorRegistry`` to
     ``@jupyterlab/ui-components:IFormComponentRegistry``.
   * The ``FormComponentRegistry`` registers ``FormComponent`` instead of field renderers.

>      A ``FoemComponant`` defines a ``fieldRenderer`` or a ``widgetRenderer``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The methods have been renamed from ``...renderer``  to ``...component``. For example, ``addRenderer`` is now ``addComponent``.
     A ``FormComponent`` defines a ``fieldRenderer`` or a ``widgetRenderer``.
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to improve the doc. And hopefully once corrected, the CI will be green so we can merge.
